ERR: better error message on too large excel sheet (#26080)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v0.25.0.rst

- :class:`RangeIndex` has gained :attr:`~RangeIndex.start`, :attr:`~RangeIndex.stop`, and :attr:`~RangeIndex.step` attributes (:issue:`25710`)
- :class:`datetime.timezone` objects are now supported as arguments to timezone methods and constructors (:issue:`25065`)
- :meth:`DataFrame.query` and :meth:`DataFrame.eval` now supports quoting column names with backticks to refer to names with spaces (:issue:`6508`)

> - :meth:'DataFrame.to_excel' now performs input-checking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:'DataFrame.to_excel' now raises a ``ValueError`` when the caller's dimensions exceed the limitations of Excel (:issue:`26051`)
```

Author: will do.

- :class:`RangeIndex` has gained :attr:`~RangeIndex.start`, :attr:`~RangeIndex.stop`, and :attr:`~RangeIndex.step` attributes (:issue:`25710`)
- :class:`datetime.timezone` objects are now supported as arguments to timezone methods and constructors (:issue:`25065`)
- :meth:`DataFrame.query` and :meth:`DataFrame.eval` now supports quoting column names with backticks to refer to names with spaces (:issue:`6508`)

> - :meth:'DataFrame.to_excel' now raises a ``ValueError`` when the caller's dimensions exceed the limitations of Excel (:issue:`26051`)

Reviewer 2: backticks not single quotes around DataFrame.to_excel

> - :meth:`DataFrame.to_excel` now raises a ``ValueError`` when the caller's dimensions exceed the limitations of Excel (:issue:`26051`)

Reviewer 3: I would put this in IO bug fixes
